Docsite: replace Latin phrases to English (#71588)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/platforms/aws_guidelines.rst

This function is useful when using boto3 'add_tags' and 'remove_tags' functions. Be sure to use the
other helper function `boto3_tag_list_to_ansible_dict` to get an appropriate tag dict before

> calling this function. Since the AWS APIs are not uniform (for example, EC2 against Lambda) this will work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
calling this function. Since the AWS APIs are not uniform (for example, EC2 is different from Lambda) this will work
```
